Hi guys want to use this uh model
obvious text to image to generate image
like test from a text text to image.
Okay, let's Okay, first thing first,
open the computer. After that, run maybe
the GPU.
After that, let's go to template. Okay,
let's test this model text to image.
Okay, we have to download those files
for the AV images. Okay, you can
download it from here by clicking
download and the downloading is begin or
you can copy the URL and go to the EDM
to download those files. I already
download those files. Okay,
let's go ahead UI. Search for model is
refresh the page
for this diffusion model of this image
PF6.
Open the fusion model.
I download through the EDM.
I can
paste like this first one.
The second one
text encoder obvious 2.5
go right here modus search for text
encoder
and add
the second one.
Okay, I think it's fine.
No,
this is what model link that I
downloaded diffusion model of this and
you can download this P and add it
through this path. After that, we can
use this
add your prompt right here to create our
image
using uh this prompt. For example, let's
go here to charg
and add a bronze.
I want
to create
a link
with
using
the O
text
me.
Okay, this prompt you can generate this
prompt from the chat GP. After that, you
can copy it and paste right here.
And let's see the result. Okay, you can
adjust the width and height right here.
Okay, let's hit run.
Uh, okay. It takes around 2 minutes to
generate this image using
12 GB of error. Okay, thank you guys for
watching this all for this tutorial.